docs: add user managed project (#551)
subquery/documentation: docs/subquery_network/node_operators/indexers/index-project.md

![Add a New Project Using Deploy ID](/assets/img/network/indexer_project_add.png)

When a project is successfully added, the following default Flex plan will be automatically created:

| item                    | default value         |
| ----------------------- | :-------------------- |
| price                   | 1.0 SQT/1000 reqeusts |
| maximum validity period | 14 days               |

After confirming the project details, press Next to configure the project.

## 2. Configure Project

> Since coordinator service v2.3.0, there are two different types of project hosting: one is system hosting, which is the default way of using Docker; the other is user hosting, which uses existing services.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are two different approaches to hosting your SubQuery Indexing SDK project. System Managed, and User Managed

### System Managed

This is the default way where the SubQuery indexer service will manage the running and deployment of a SubQuery project on the same VM using Docker.
```

> For system-hosted projects, you will need to provide an indexing endpoint, this endpoint must be a non-pruned archive node. Public nodes may be rate limited, which can affect indexing speed. **When indexing your project we suggest getting a private API key to avoid being rate limited.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When deploying a System Managed project you will need to provide an indexing endpoint, this endpoint must be a non-pruned archive node. Public nodes may be rate limited, which can affect indexing speed. **When indexing your project we suggest getting a private API key to avoid being rate limited.**
```

Public RPC Endpoints may be rate limited which can affect indexing speed, when indexing your project we suggest getting a private API key. You can retrieve endpoints for some networks for free from SubQuery Network itself.

Select the Indexer Version and Query Version (latest recommended)

> For user-hosted projects, you need to provide the internal IP addresses for the Node endpoint and the query endpoint, and ensure that the services are functioning properly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### User Managed

For user managed project you run your own SubQuery Indexer on a different VM. This can give you more flexibility on how you run the project and how your manage the database connected to the project.

You need to provide the IP addresses for the Node endpoint and the query endpoint, and ensure that the services can be connected to and are functioning properly.
```
